
a dame with a history, a private eye with no future, also cthulhu.

This game tries to combine film noir elements (specifically a blooding atmosphere, the private eye, the femme fatale, 1940-1950's setting)  with cthulhulian cosmic type horror. Basically, it starts with the private eye, our protaganist getting a job from the femme fatale for a murder. He's desperate for cash, because he's due to be evicted from his office the next day -- and so he reluctantly accepts. 
Following the directions on the mysterious folder, he arrives at an eerie monastery-on-the-hill type deal, and realizes he's getting more than he bargained for. Having no other options, he pushes on regardless. As he investigates the area, he begins to uncover the more supernatural elements of the story; elements such as monsters, cultists, portals to other dimensions, etc.

Hero:
Desperate for cash, is going to be evicted from his office, and his only source of income. Also has gambling debts
Drinks a lot
Turned to gambling after his wife ran off with another man while he fought in WW2
WW2 veteran trying to make a living after getting mentally ruffed up by the war
Before enlisting lived and worked in the monastary as a (teacher? any profession, really)
(Also needs some redeeming qualities, that make you actually like this character and want him to get out of the story intact)

Location:
Previously a church priory in a secluded location. The monastery was built in a small village, but this was abandoned once the monastery burnt down, with the remaining townsfolk moving back to the major cities to enlist or otherwise contribute to the war effort. The monastery itself burnt down (~20 years ago?) under mysterious circumstances. Conventional wisdom says it was an accident, but there were dark/spooky rumors that the clergy was gradually going insane, and the church burnt it down (because it was possesed by the devil or something)

Unbenownst to our protagonist, 

Dame:
Previously a nun, discovered occult knowledge[
Driven by otherwordly forces, tore a rift into cosmos, monsters started getting out, needs the detective's help to shoot them
Pretty unstable after seeing all them cosmic terrors
Increasingly loses the plot as the story progresses
Eventually wakes an old one


Cultist


 

A house on a rotten hill in a god-forsaken land
A journey you've made a hundred times before


9:52 in the morning, that's when you'd started drinking. "can't pay-- can't stay" is all he'd said before an eviction notice had been shoved into your hands. Your detective business hadn't be going so well. 

** drinking scene ?**

7:17 is when you seen it, slid under the door, no doubt missed during your revelry. A thousand dollars, a picture of a man, and a string-tie folder. On the front it read: "(1 Horror Name Hill). A thousand more once you're done. Tonight". On the back: "Bring your gun". 

You had idly thumbed your revolver, thinking. You were a private eye, not a hitman, and you already had plans for today: gin for breakfast, gin for lunch, revolver for dinner.

"No name. Signed with a kiss." You looked closer at the lipstick: "This shade is... 'lady danger', huh? Hell of a choice."

You sighed, grabbing your things and shoving them into you coat pockets, then headed out to the street, dinner would have to wait.

8:40 is you had arrived, ...

Griping your gun tighter, your hand clinging to the iron in a white knuckled embrace, you knock once by way of slamming your boot into the lock

the door shatters, splinters shooting into your eyes and face one way, and flying into the pitch black abyss the other. Why couldn't a job ever be easy.

steeling yourself against the  

and as you stare into that abyss, you feel it doesn't so much as stare back, as smile; it's been waiting.







You suppose it's going to be a long night